Rephrased Part of The Pull Request Template (#96)
UBCFormulaElectric/Consolidated-Firmware: .github/pull_request_template.md

*Give a high-level description of the changes in this PR*

### Testing Done
*Outline any testing that was done for these changes. This could be unit tests, integration tests, testing on the car, etc.*

### Resolved Issues
*Link any issues that this PR resolved. Eg `resolves #1, #2, and #5` (note that they MUST be specified like this so Github can automatically close them then this PR merges)*

### Checklist
*Please change `[]` to `[x]` when you are ready.*

> - [ ] I have read and followed the code standards detailed in http://svformulaep1.teams.apsc.ubc.ca:8090/display/TR/Workflow (*This will save time for both you and the reviewer!*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have read and followed the code standards detailed in http://svformulaep1.teams.apsc.ubc.ca:8090/display/TR/Workflow (*Otherwise I Am Small Smooth Brain Gang Small Smooth Brain Gang*).
```

Reviewer 2: :thinking:

> - [ ] I have read and followed the code standards detailed in http://svformulaep1.teams.apsc.ubc.ca:8090/display/TR/Workflow (*This will save time for both you and the reviewer!*).

Reviewer 3: Hmm personally I think this would be better @kirons96 

```suggestion
- [ ] I have read and followed the code standards detailed in http://svformulaep1.teams.apsc.ubc.ca:8090/display/TR/Workflow (*Otherwise I Am Small Smooth Brain NEANDERTHAL Gang Small Smooth Brain NEANDERTHAL Gang*).
```

Reviewer: this is a great suggestion. thank you Pasit Laothamatas.
